# diet-meat-consumption-change

This study collected additional variables from market research platform Euromonitor to build on the provided data set of cross-country cultural measures. The study focused on specific consumer intention measures, rather than on generalized sustainability measures from the World Values Survey. Two variables were collected across 39 available countries that indicated the percentages of respondents who favored a flexitarian diet and sustainable travel methods. Further variables were collected for 2020 and 2021, and across 47 countries, to reflect consumption behavior: meat consumption, processed meat consumption, and the population of vegetarians.

Observations with missing values for meat consumption were omitted. Three Hofstede index measures from the provided data were omitted: the Power Distance Index (PDI), the Masculinity versus Femininity measure (MAS), and the Indulgence versus Constraint measure (IND). This narrowed the scope of country characteristics available for testing. However, this study regarded the constructs of hierarchy, gender values, and the gratification of needs as relatively inconsequential to sustainable living intentions. The remaining collected data was then merged with the provided data set. After omitting additional observations due to missing values, the final data set had observations for 31 countries.

Regarding dietary behavior, this study wanted to explore contradictory correlational effects between inhabitants’ consumption intentions and actual consumption over a two-year period. Key variables were transformed and created to facilitate this. Meat consumption, in thousand tons, was calculated per inhabitant, and represented as a percentage change from 2020 to 2021. The same was done for processed meat consumption. Next, the percentage change in the vegetarian population was captured. Lastly, following the interpretation by Hofstede Insights, categories of the cultural Hofstede measures were created, with values below 50 labeled as “low” and those above 50 labeled as “high.” 

Two measures were selected as main dependent variables for subsequent model input: meat consumption percentage change and vegetarian population percentage change. Four measures were selected as explanatory variables for model input. In addition to the variable indicating meat reduction intention, the three remaining Hofstede measures were also included. Individualistic thought, the acceptance of different ideas, and adaptation for the future all had the potential to provide insight into sustainability intentions. These constructs were operationalized by the IDV, UAI, and LTO Hofstede indexes, respectively.
